docs: add guidance on adding filtering and sorting logic to componetn… (#42368)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/styleguide.md

<a href="#toc">Back to top</a>

### Do not add filtering and sorting logic to pipes

#### Style 04-13

<div class="s-rule avoid">

**Avoid** adding filtering or sorting logic into custom pipes.

</div>

<div class="s-rule do">

> **Do** put filtering and sorting logic into components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Do** pre-compute the filtering and sorting logic in components or services before binding the model in templates.
```

Reviewer: The key here is that the operations should be *precomputed*. It's not sufficient to just expose a method on the component that does sorting and filtering and then bind to that method from the template.

Reviewer 2: Done!
